RUM-926: Update the limit for Android mapping file uploads to 300 MB (#19443)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/android.md

## Limitations

> Mapping files are limited to 300 MB (except AP1 and GovCloud sites, where the limit is 50 MB). If your project has a mapping file larger than this, use one of the following options to reduce the file size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu" >}}
Mapping files are limited to 300 MB. If your project has a mapping file larger than this, use one of the following options to reduce the file size:
{{< /site-region >}}
{{< site-region region="ap1,gov" >}}
Mapping files are limited to 50 MB. If your project has a mapping file larger than this, use one of the following options to reduce the file size:
{{< /site-region >}}
```
